This application is available live at: http://lschallenge.rida.me

== Minimum Requirements

1. Ruby 1.9.x

2. Bundler

3. Sqlite

4. RVM (optional)

P.S. If you have RVM installed, the app ships with an .rvmrc file and it will create a new gemset for itself in your ruby 1.9.3-p194 installation.
If you don't have bundler installed in your global gemset, make sure you install it in the current gemset by running the command:
  gem install bundler

== Getting started
1. Run bundle install:
  bundle install

2. Setup your database by running:
  bundle exec rake db:migrate

2. Run the Rails server by running:
  bundle exec rails server
or
  bundle exec rails server thin

== Using the app

The app requires authentication. You can either login using your Google account, Github account, or by simply creating a new user account. Please note that the Github authentication will not work locally since it's configured to work with the live deployed site at: http://lschallenge.rida.me

Once you're logged in, you will be redirected to the import screen. You can upload the sample tab delimited file and the app will redirect you to the orders index page with a success message detailing the total imported orders and the gross total revenue value.

You can also browse the orders, merchants, items, and purchasers using the top nav links.

If you try to reimport the tab delimited file, only new orders will be created. Merchants, items, and purchasers will be referenced in the new orders correctly.